Refactor plotting in Muon and Frequency domain GUIs (#28511)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v5.1.0/muon.rst

- Addition of an external plotting button to the Muon Analysis 2 GUI.
  This allows the user to create a standalone Workbench (or MantidPlot) plot of the displayed data.
  The user may then perform standard operations on the plot, e.g drag and drop workspaces onto the figure.
- On the fitting tab, only one fit object (fit output and input workspaces) will be shown at a time.

Improvements
-------------
- Improved the plotting code the Muon Analysis interface, with a significant amount of redundant code removed.

>   This code improvement will lead to more maintainable code, which will be easier to makes changes to in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This code improvement will lead to more maintainable code, which will be more stable and easier to add new functionality.
```
